[2201.9.x] Add `conditional-send` bbe (#5292)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/conditional-send/conditional_send.md

# Conditional send

> The send action in workers can be used inside a conditional context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The send action in workers can be used within a conditional context, allowing for more flexible and dynamic inter-worker communication based on specific conditions.
```

> The send action in workers can be used within a conditional context, allowing for more flexible and dynamic inter-worker communication based on specific conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The send action in workers can be used in a conditional context, allowing for more flexible and dynamic inter-worker communication based on specific conditions.
```

Include something about the receive side too, since it becomes aware that there may not be a message.
